Run smoldot client at extension initialization (#1319)
paritytech/substrate-connect: projects/extension/CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - Run smoldot client at extension initialization to populate databases and save in localStorage; Add functionality for repeating the poulate/save every 24 hours.

Reviewer: You really have the weirdest changelog entries

```suggestion
- At the initialization of the extension, and then every 24 hours, a light client is started in the background in order to synchronize with the four well-known chains (Polkadot, Kusama, Westend, Rococo). The result can then be used as a starting point when a web page connects to one of these four chains.
```

> - At the initialization of the extension, and then every 24 hours, a light client is started in the background in order to synchronize with the four well-known chains (Polkadot, Kusama, Westend, Rococo). The result can then be used as a starting point when a web page connects to one of these four chains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At the initialization of the extension, and then every 24 hours, a light client is started in the background in order to synchronize with the four well-known chains (Polkadot, Kusama, Westend, Rococo). The result can then be used as a starting point when a web page connects to one of these four chains. ([#1319](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate-connect/pull/1319))
```

Author: 🤦🏽 apologies for that
